One second. I'll make sure the recording started. Okay. We're good.
>> Hi.
I would like to make a motion
to allow
the board of education
and
do allow Chris Bernard, on behalf of the board of education,
to follow through on the recommendations of the board's attorney,
Jessica Smith,
on behalf of the entire board of education with regard to
making any kind of statements on behalf of the board to the planning and zoning commission of Andover.
I'll second.
Now you're in
the chair.
>> K. All in favor, say aye. Aye. Aye.
Any opposed?
Any abstentions?
That's seven
zero zero. I'll let Gretchen do the phone.
>> Motion to adjourn, or do you wanna talk about upcoming meetings? We got the budget workshops on January
>> 25.
It'd be at 07:00.
The meeting at February 1 is going to be the public input.
I'm assuming that's gonna be in person.
We're meeting at February 8.
And maybe we can go on a question then. I think we I know we will. Anybody
have any items for the next meeting?
I'm sorry. Motion to adjourn.
Second. Second. Yep.
>> All doing a favor? Aye. Aye.
Any apologies, sir. We're gonna go home. We're gonna go home. Great. Thanks. No. That is stop. Thank you for staying here.